add Series B press release (#920)
temporalio/documentation: blog/series-b-press.md

---
slug: series-b-press
title: Temporal Series B Press
author: Temporal Team
author_title: Temporal
tags:
  - announcement
  - funding
  - press-release
date: 2022-2-16T01:00:00Z
---

<!--truncate-->

> We have just announced our Series B fundraising, with a [letter from Maxim](/blog/series-b-announcement-open-letter), [announcement from Byran Offutt at Index Ventures](https://www.indexventures.com/perspectives/everything-is-a-workflow-our-investment-in-temporal/), a fun [teaser video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA7gRSXUXls) and [community Q&A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E40KwlxZJFI)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have just announced our Series B fundraising, with a [letter from Maxim](/blog/series-b-announcement-open-letter), an [announcement from Byran Offutt at Index Ventures](https://www.indexventures.com/perspectives/everything-is-a-workflow-our-investment-in-temporal/), a fun [teaser video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA7gRSXUXls), and [community Q&A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E40KwlxZJFI)!
```

> Externally, we also enjoyed good press coverage. We collected them all here in one place for whoever is looking for this information in future:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Externally, we also enjoyed good press coverage. We collected them all here in one place for whoever is looking for this information in the future:
```

>   - **[Geekwire](https://www.geekwire.com/2022/temporal-is-a-unicorn-developer-productivity-startup-lands-120m-at-1-5b-valuation/)**: "Temporal is riding tailwinds from the pandemic, which supercharged cloud adoption as more companies and consumers used digital services. The company said it is seeing 25-to-50% month-over-month growth in adoption. Snap, Netflix, Instacart, Qualtrics, and others are using Temporal, which now joins an elite unicorn group of Seattle companies that have eclipsed the $1 billion valuation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [**Geekwire**](https://www.geekwire.com/2022/temporal-is-a-unicorn-developer-productivity-startup-lands-120m-at-1-5b-valuation/)**: "Temporal is riding tailwinds from the pandemic, which supercharged cloud adoption as more companies and consumers used digital services. The company said it is seeing 25-to-50% month-over-month growth in adoption. Snap, Netflix, Instacart, Qualtrics, and others are using Temporal, which now joins an elite unicorn group of Seattle companies that have eclipsed the $1 billion valuation."
```

  - [**Daily UK**](https://dailyuknews.com/tech/temporal-raises-103m-in-series-b-funding/): "According to Temporal, one of the aspects of its system is that it abstracts the complexity of a distributed system. These are often a mixture of stateless services, databases, cron jobs, and queues, and as they scale, responding to multiple asynchronous events and tracking the state of everything becomes more and more challenging. Temporal effectively makes all these part of the platform and takes care of them itself."
  - [**Computer Weekly**](https://www.computerweekly.com/blog/CW-Developer-Network/Temporal-calls-time-on-cloud-app-state-management): "The fact that cloud applications are getting into a (right old) state over their state management capabilities due to the inherent complexity they are now being constructed with should come as no major surprise i.e. we know that the intertask dependency management, scheduling and concurrency logic responsibilities and requirements that exist in an application’s inputs across multiple related data flows is no point-and-click fix… which is why Temporal exists."

## Press Release

> We also shared a press release with some never-before-seen quotes from Max and our new boardmember **Mike Volpi**, and **notable users like Snap, Netflix, Descript, Datadog, and Instacart**. The full text is below.

Reviewer: Edit avoids using "below", per https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-b.

```suggestion
We also shared the following press release, which contains never-before-seen quotes from Max and our new boardmember **Mike Volpi**, and **notable users like Snap, Netflix, Descript, Datadog, and Instacart**.
```

  - **Instacart**: seamlessly migrated multiple core systems to Temporal and now runs over 75 million monthly workflows. “The Temporal technology has been core to many new Instacart offerings, growing rapidly and without drama to over 75 million monthly workflows across vastly different use cases within only a few months after production launch,” said Josh Wickham, Instacart engineering manager, systems and frameworks. “Temporal the company and community have been key to that success, providing Instacart with clear, timely assistance and guidance for how to use the product at such a large scale.”
  - **Datadog**: leverages Temporal for database reliability and developer experience, boasting over 100 internal Temporal users. 
  - **Snap**: is a vocal early adopter of Temporal, embracing it as a cross-organization solution for services orchestration and infrastructure deployments. “Temporal Cloud provides Snap a highly reliable and scalable foundation for Snap Stories, enabling us to deliver the amazing global experience our users have come to expect,” said Saral Jain, Director Of Engineering, Enterprise and Cloud Services at Snap Inc.

## About Temporal

> The Temporal platform enables developers to create reliable applications using familiar tools that make them productive. Temporal is used by Netflix, Doordash, Snap, Box, Stripe, Hashicorp, Coinbase and others. Developers are empowered to build and operate resilient applications using developer-friendly primitives. Developers write business logic - not glue code - and Temporal takes care of the rest. More information is available at temporal.io.

Reviewer: Em dashes added per last para of https://developers.google.com/style/dashes#em-dashes.

```suggestion
The Temporal platform enables developers to create reliable applications using familiar tools that make them productive. Temporal is used by Netflix, Doordash, Snap, Box, Stripe, Hashicorp, Coinbase, and others. Developers are empowered to build and operate resilient applications using developer-friendly primitives. Developers write business logic—not glue code—and Temporal takes care of the rest. More information is available at temporal.io.
```
